vegetable police is very stupid and he's
very ugly and he lives in a world where
tragically I don't say this without
sympathy it's easy for me to sympathize
them he compares himself to the
brotherhood of people on YouTube the
Brotherhood of people on Instagram and
especially his little demi-monde the
Brotherhood of people in Chiang Mai
Thailand making money out of YouTube and
Instagram who were vegan right that was
the category he put himself into and
he's the ugliest and he's the stupidest
of them all
[Music]
venez yen so I do not think
attention-seeking behavior is evil I
think a lot of people perceive what I do
in my channel is attention-seeking
behavior I think a very small percentage
of what I do on my channel is attention
scene paper but that's that's fine if I
mean I understand people your channel -
you put a lot of effort at your videos
someone can easily say this guy just
wants attention some percentage of what
you're doing here and exhibiting
yourself on the Internet is what so I
just start with that concession now what
that have even said I noticed when
Kasumi crests showed up at the aunty
vegan protest her first anti-vegan
protest with sphere edge
she stood there and said in English Wow
isn't it amazing it's getting so much
attention and everything about that that
moment and her being there and her tone
of voice and saying that I thought
that's what this is all about for you
and you know I mean I utterly despise
vegetable police when we were both in
Chiang Mai I offered to meet up with
them I offered to have a boxing match
with him you know we could share a
boxing match I don't mean I don't nobody
would have gotten hurt would have done
in a gym and I said look why don't we
have a boxing match and whoever wins
gets to pick one book that the loser has
to read and do a book review video of
that was my which I think is a cool
boxing match yeah and you know he made
pro-nazi holocaust denying videos in the
past which I criticized him for I
thought my criticism was quite mild but
I know my criticism really impacted him
he really felt hurt that I had
criticized him for that you know are you
are you surprised you know but I mean
that all of that behavior it's
attention-getting behavior that guy he
had no sincere interest in the history
of world war ii he had no sincere
interest in the history of fascism or
the Holocaust or anything else his
interest was in wasn't getting attention
which is what I said in my criticism of
him
you know what motivates Kasumi Cris she
is lying to herself much more than she's
lying to her audience
she claims veganism made her weak I had
the screenshots of her bench pressing
and deadlifting you know doing these
things yeah she was bragging oh I did my
personal squatting record deadlifting
waggons she had she had whaling as a
vegan doing this stuff you know so and
now she says when she begin vegan she
lost all her muscle tone and you know
couldn't lift any weight well you
yourself produce video evidence country
but what motivates that fundamentally it
is attention-seeking behavior so whether
you regard that as good or evil is
probably irrelevant I think it's kind of
I I think it's part of the human
condition it is what it is and I know
that comes off as tautological in nature
but it is what it is like my friends and
I my subscribers right I hang out with
them and discord all the time and they
would tell me how they used to love
vegetable police
videos way back when because they were
original they were different it was
something to watch
but recently well I'm not recently he's
probably been doing this the entire time
where he would switch up on his diet and
he would say that he's got a problem
here he's got a problem there and at the
end of it all he would say oh this works
amazing this doesn't this works great oh
the other one was wrong this is right
until next week's episode do you think
the social pressure is that these do you
think there are first of all do you
think that there are social pressures
that people like vegetable police and
kasumi Chris are going through and if so
is that enough for them to stop being
vegan I know it's a stupid question look
okay I have met women who felt they were
ugly because their sister was
better-looking than them as life goes on
you watching this video may not have
been in the situation it will probably
have you at some point your life you
meet a woman who's really insecure about
her looks and is really hung up in hooks
and you just kind of don't get it you
wonder why and then you meet her sister
or you see a family photo of her and her
family all together and then all of a
sudden ah you get it the point is she
never feels that she can be good-looking
enough because she's comparing herself
to her own sister
you know and I've known families like
that intellectually also where you know
the parents of the family are surgeons
and the kid feels always feel stupid and
like they haven't accomplished enough
compared to their own parents or
compared to the older brother so there
is a question for most human beings of
what standards they may be maybe
consciously or unconsciously setting for
their own accomplishments vegetable
police is very stupid and he's very ugly
and he lives in a world where tragically
I don't say this without sympathy it's
easy for me to sympathize them he
compares himself to the brotherhood of
people on YouTube the Brotherhood of
people on Instagram and especially his
little demi-monde
the Brotherhood of people in Chiang Mai
Thailand
making money out of YouTube and
Instagram who were vegan right that was
the category he put himself into and
he's the ugliest and he's the stupidest
of them all and he doesn't speak Thai
and he can't learn how to speak Thai he
can't really do much of anything with
his brain he doesn't really have
anything to say this is a medium that's
very much based on being a good talker
he's not really that eloquent or smart
or charming or sharp or witty and he's
ugly all right and he wants to I mean
we've seen this for years he wants to
develop big muscles to compensate he
wants to be he can't do it I mean he's
tried his hardest with you know
exercising calisthenics is on so that's
really a tragedy that he's trying to act
out as a comedy and it is in this in the
strictest sense it's it's pathetic
now Kasumi crests I wouldn't call her
ugly but she does she does have a really
terrible problem with acne and you know
she's finally been putting up pictures
of what she looks like when she was guys
so I'm sure she feels especially ashamed
of her looks it's really really serious
extreme acne guys I sympathize but you
know so she struggles with acne she
struggles with feeling ugly and again
she looks at her competition she looks
at her brothers and sisters on YouTube
and Instagram and she feels a lot of
inferiority so that's the struggle I
mean that's the struggle psychologically
and for those people these two you
mentioned I think for thousands of
others of the most visible people in the
vegan movement and most visible people
and Instagram and YouTube generally
that's the kind of psychology that bring
to it that's the kind of competition er
struggled around and not the struggle is
not to save the planet the struggle is
not to lobby government for social
change I mean it's not that's not what
they see themselves right and you know
and one other one of the one dimension
let's let's just you a little bit more
of a sympathetic example so hennya of
Hannya mania she started out being
someone like your friend Maria hennya
started out being a really firebrand
street protest street theater activist
kind of person and you know she
obviously struggles with her weight
struggles with her looks she was born
with a condition
where she has really terrible teeth
she's talked about that she's born with
some kind of digestive disorder she's a
long history of psychiatric problems and
getting on various antidepressants she's
all these problems and she comes on
YouTube and she feels like she's
suddenly in a competition for who's the
prettiest and who's the smartest and she
seemed to completely lose her moral
compass and sense of purpose in terms of
vegan activism which in her case she did
have at the beginning she was a
legitimate activist at the stars and by
the end of it she's just another vape
'add you know two dimensional plastic
you know kind of aspiring beauty icon
permanent vacation Instagram model
figure so there's a range of these
things but yeah that's that's my um
that's my psychological rather than
putting it political analysis of what's
what's going on there it's hard it's
hard to get attention and vegetable
police is a guy who will even
temporarily become a neo-nazi to get
attention a virus yen